= Redmine requirement plugin

The plugin offers the ability to integrate a bit of a requirement management process within Redmine:
   - add a new 'requirement' object type
   - automatically extract requirements from wiki pages using predefined prefix code
   - track requirement modifications
   - link requirements with issues and other requirements (many-to-many relationship)
   - display traceability matrixes and other reports
   - extend redmine activity tab

The plugin was tested with:
   - Redmine 2.3.3.devel
   - Ruby    1.8.7-p352
   - Rails   3.2.13
   - SQLite adapter

=== TODO

- Fix linking requirements with issues and other requirements (doesnt work well now)
- Fix filtering requirements in other projects' activity
- Fix correct relations between requirement and project
- Automatically rescan requirements (and rewrite wiki pages) if prefix code changes
- Code refactoring (performance, 'dont repeat yourself' etc)
- Add reports
- Add requirement verification information (types, links etc)
- ???

=== Plugin installation

1. Copy the plugin directory into the plugins directory:
   cd redmine/plugins && git clone http://github.com/gurov81/redmine_requirements_plugin.git

2. Migrate plugin:
   rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production

3. Start Redmine

4. As administrator, fix requirement permissions in Administration->Roles->Permissions

5. Add requirements module into your project.

6. Set prefix code at Project->Settings->Requirements tab

=== Use cases

Create a requirement specification wiki-page. The plugin will automatically extract requirements matching regexp:
   \\b((#{prefix_list})[-]?)([0-9.]+)(\\s+.+?)(<br/>|</p>|</h\\d+>)
where #{prefix_list} is a list of prefixes (comma-separated).

Sample (prefix code="REQ"):
  REQ1.1 The software shall zzzz

Save wiki page. Check for "Requirement created" messages.
Go to Project->Requirements tab. Check the requirement list.

Create new issues. Link each issue to a requirement.
Go to Project->Requirements->Traceability. Check the traceability matrix.
